It is good, so it will work.
So this is the vision.
Isn't that amazing?
The Lord told us.
It is working.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, I know we don't have anybody here now.
Oh, I was—wow, they all came back.
I thought you said 2,000 people bring us that fast.
Are you live?
Yeah, we are live.
I think it is working.
Starlink.
Thank God for Starlink.
Do not unplug it.
Love.
Okay.
Hi everybody, love you all.
What, it is working now?
You are saying, okay.
I lowered my bit rate too much.
YouTube is saying I am trying to make it what?
I lowered the quality too much, so YouTube is getting mad at me.
I am trying to make it faster.
I will raise it up.
Is it working?
Yeah, we are trying.
Our internet went out, so we had to go with Starlink, and we bought Starlink, which is cool, last week.
The Lord said, you need to get Starlink.
So, we went and bought the Starlink for the house and Braden had not run it all in there.
And I said, did you—it was so cool because we even got the best one they had.
And we put it out and we had not even used it.
And we bought the program and everything and that is what we are using right now.
And the Lord already warned me for what is coming.
There is a lot more than I tell you all, but it is just interesting because it goes with what I have seen concerning internet, and Starlink will be some of the only things that will be used sometimes.
Cyber security, cyber attacks.
So, I think it is kind of neat.
Well, when everybody else's internet is down in the world, what is it going to matter?
I guess, you know, if YouTube does not work, their internet is down, that part of it, but at least we will be able to use it if we need to.
It works good.
That is pretty cool.
Elon Musk had a good idea.
We are off the grid.
I am tired now, but I am back.
Let us just pray, you all.
Okay, I am sorry.
I do not remember what I was even saying.
We were talking about being patient with the babies, and I probably said something the Holy Spirit said, good.
I did not want you saying that anyway.
So, Father, we just thank you for the body, Lord, for this time of prayer.
Lord, we are so thankful that you died for us and you rose again on the third day.
I take this body in the name of Jesus.
That as he is, so are we in this world.
And by your stripes, Lord, we are healed.
We take this body in the name of Jesus.
And we remember all that you have done for us, and we are healed and whole and well in Jesus' name.
Lord, we are so grateful for the blood.
We make much of the blood.
The blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood over our sin.
And we thank you, Lord, that we are born again.
We are so grateful for all that you have done for us, and that we sleep sound, uninterrupted, and unhindered by any satanic or demonic force.
Thank you, Lord, that the tornadoes did not touch us.
Thank you, Lord, that our house is safe.
Thank you, Lord, that our roof is safe.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you have done for us.
We are so grateful for the authority of the believer.
And we take this blood right now in Jesus' name.
Amen and amen.
Hallelujah.
Well, who wants to go tubing with what is here?
We will pray for President Trump, Don Jr.
, and them.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that Elon Musk is born again.
Father, I lift up Elon Musk before you, his invention that we are using right now.
I am so grateful, Father, for Elon Musk at this moment.
Thank you, Lord, that Elon Musk is radically born again.
I thank you Lord that he has a visitation from you even tonight, this very night.
I thank you Lord that you touched Elon Musk and you bless him.
Father, I thank you Lord that he would have a radical conversion, a radical conversion to Jesus.
Father, I thank you Lord.
Some plant, some water, and God, you said you would bring forth the increase.
Now God, I know that there have been people that have witnessed to him, and I thank you Lord that the increase is coming.
Now we call Elon Musk born again in the name of Jesus.
Now Father, I thank you Lord according to Ephesians that the eyes of Elon Musk's understanding are enlightened.
Now Father, I thank you Lord right now that his eyes are flooded with light that he may know.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that he knows.
He knows that you are God.
He knows.
And not only that he knows, Father, that he that believeth—I messed that scripture up.
I was going to say, wow, that is terrible.
I am tired.
I was talking about the scripture where it says that he that cometh to God must believe that he is, that he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
I thank you that Elon Musk believes that he is, that he has a revelation that he is a rewarder.
He that cometh to God must believe.
He is a believer and he believes that he is a rewarder of those that diligently seek him.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that right now Elon Musk is born again and his children.
Lord, we thank you for that.
I call it done.
I thank you, Lord, that the technology of Starlink will be used for the kingdom of God just like it is being used right now.
We are so grateful.
We are so thankful.
We are thankful, Father, because we are living in a time—even 10 years ago we would not have something like this.
We are so grateful.
We are so thankful for all that you have done and all that you are going to do in these last days.
Father, I pray over President Trump.
We lift up his boys before you, Eric and Don Jr.
We call them saved, delivered, baptized in the Holy Ghost, filled with and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
Father, I thank you Lord that both of them will be on fire, radical for Jesus in these last days.
I thank you Lord for on the road to the Damascus experience, Father, that they will have a major shaking in their hearts to come to the saving knowledge, if they are not born again, a saving knowledge of the Lord Jesus Christ, a supernatural conversion.
Father, I thank you Lord for stirring in them in Jesus' name.
Father, there is protection over Eric, Don, Ivanka, Tiffany, Barron, and over Akai and over the grandkids.
I call them safe.
I call them protected in the name of Jesus.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that President Trump is always at the right place at the right time, doing exactly what he is supposed to be doing.
I thank you, Lord, that he hears your voice and a stranger's voice he will not follow.
I thank you Lord that he takes no counsel from the ungodly.
Father, that he leads this nation in a way that is all to the glory of God.
That when you say go left, he goes left.
When you say go right, he goes right.
Father, when you say jump, he jumps.
Father, I thank you Lord that he is so yielded to the Holy Ghost that he would hear you, Father.
Father, because you are the ultimate, you lead us and you guide us in truth in everything we do.
I thank you, Lord, that you are leading him and you are guiding him and he will hear you and he will not follow after his own lust or his own flesh, but Father, he will follow after the spirit of God.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that Cuba is next.
Cuba is next.
The people of Cuba will be liberated and there will be a major revival from all over Cuba in the name of Jesus and they will give you all the glory, honor, and praise.
That the dictator is coming down and that is concerning Mexico.
Claudia's days are done, Father.
And you will bring in a better one.
I thank you, Lord.
The same with North Korea, that Kim Jong-un's days are done.
Father, that you will raise up a new leader in North Korea.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that these tyrant men and tyrant women will go in the name of Jesus and their days are numbered in the mighty name of Jesus.
And that you will raise up new leaders in these areas.
Thank you, Lord, that we're liberating Iran, that Iran will be born again, that Iran will be on fire for God, that the underground church will take a hold of this opportunity and run in the name of Jesus and rise up with the backbone like a crowbar and take the land for you all in the name of Jesus.
Father, we're so grateful.
We're so thankful for you've called us, every single one of us, for such a time as this.
Father, we are not going to just shy back in our houses and hide, but we're going to rise up, we're going to mount on the wings of eagles, and we're going to soar like the eagles and not be down like the chickens.
I thank you, Father, that you've called our family to pray, and we pray over the St.
Patrick's Day parade, that no weapon formed against them will prosper.
We cover this nation, every state, every county, every city, every town.
We cover it in the name of Jesus that we will not see terrorist activity in our nation.
We thank you, Lord, that our sheriff's department, our local law enforcement, our homeland security, the FBI, and the NSA, Father, all of it.
Father, the people that are protecting this nation, we thank you, Lord.
They have supernatural wisdom.
They have sight to see beyond what they need to.
They're looking like a watchman, seeing what they see.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that the people that are around, if they see things that are wrong and off, Father, that you'll raise up people with voices in these last days to say, 'Hey, there's wrong over here, there's wrong over there.
' And there'll be whistleblowers now.
Father, I pray over Europe right now in the name of Jesus.
All over Europe, all over our borders.
I see war games with Russia.
Thank you, Father.
The very thing we've done to help Ukraine out is what Russia is going to do with Iran in the days ahead on a greater scale with their satellites.
In reality, it has the potential without covering in prayer to put American troops and American soldiers in harm's way.
And this will provoke trouble as Biden did this with Ukraine.
I see a strategic ally and North Korea backing this in the days ahead, trying to bring in what they want because they want the oil.
They want these rights of a strategic ally trying to keep their ally strong.
Come, Lord.
We call a de-escalation with Russia and them.
I see that.
North Korea.
That Trump will go ahead with the plans that he knows what he's going to do next.
That it will go seamless.
It's backing the dog in the corner.
It's what the Lord warned about, backing the dog in the corner.
And do not underestimate your enemies.
Do not underestimate your enemy from the south, just right below us, the closest, the southernmost point.
Do not underestimate the enemy.
They have a weapon underneath there in a bunker.
It was given to them by Russia.
I see this.
We stand in agreement.
I see them.
There are strategic people we should pray for right now concerning this.
There are strategic people that we should protect and cover them in prayer.
Father, I thank you Lord that every single one of them are protected in the name of Jesus.
Father, I thank you Lord.
Protect them right now in Jesus name.
In Jesus name.
All around Taiwan.
The rain.
All intelligence.
The protection is over them.
I ask you to protect them.
The intelligence from this constrictor.
I pray a hedge around and about them from the constrictor.
All of the intelligence concerning the underground bases and what's below the surface.
Everything that I have been praying right now is laying a foundation concerning intel words that are being spoken from people in the know.
And that's all I'll call them, people in the know.
We have to protect the people in the know.
It's so important that they'll find everything that they need to find today.
That they'll find everything that is hidden.
Everything that is hidden be found today.
We call an unveiling.
We call that there's no stone they can hide under.
There's no cave they can hide under.
There's no underground bunker that they can hide in.
We call them exposed.
We call them out.
That our intel, our helpers know where they are.
That the day of judgment is at their door.
That every secret rocket, every biological attack weapon, every drone, everything that is meant to bring harm to anyone, we bring it out.
We bring it out into the open.
We expose it in the name of Jesus.
We expose it.
Every plot, every plan, every underground communication I see, it's like these little internet cables again.
They're communicating in a secret way, even to the people here.
The chatter has gone down a lot from what I had seen because they don't want to be exposed, but they're still here and I see them able to contact, and they're able to get the information out that is needed.
Strategic things, strategic commands to deliver the greatest blow.
That's the word you need to focus on.
To deliver the greatest blow.
You don't just hit somebody.
You want to make sure you're going to knock them out.
You want to knock them out.
And I say strategic, strategic.
Why have we not seen anything yet?
Do you understand?
Why have we not seen any of the cells activated yet?
I hear the word strategic, precise blows to knock them out, to fatally wound the eagle.
Not make it where the eagle can still fly.
Fatal, to bring a wound that is unrecoverable, like you can't recover from it.
They're looking for the jugular.
Strategic moves.
And as I see these cells across the nation, I can see them in each city.
And there's a line that goes on the top of the United States soil that looks like a cord, but it has fiber optics and it's moving with information like an information highway.
And it's thicker.
Then it has attachments to each city that looks like an extension cord similar to what's on this light.
But you can't see that.
They can see it.
They can, right there.
Yeah.
You see how thin that is?
That's what's attached to the big cord, which would be what's powering the satellite right now in our house.
But this is a little cord.
And I see those little cords and they're going off the center of America.
And each one of those are running to a state with a telephone on it.
Now, I don't know what that represents.
I don't understand that.
But I'm telling you what I see.
And there's little cords that are running too.
And I see the state of Mississippi.
I see a state of Alabama.
I see the state of Georgia.
I see Florida, and those are the ones running with these fiber optic cables with telephones on the end of them, and I see these men of war plotting and planning, and they're having an infrastructure, they're waiting for it, but it is a red, it looks like a red balloon that's pink, and it comes up out of it and it was going towards the east.
Back stitching, it shot up out of it and it looked like it was going to the east, but it looked like a red bloom and they were waiting for specific instructions.
Don't be hasty.
We've been planning and plotting this for too long.
It is strategic.
It is not what you would say like a bully in the schoolyard who throws the first punch.
What they would consider is we did.
Now they want to use something that is fatal, not a punch back, but something that would be more than a wound.
And that is what I am trying to tell you.
I see this.
It is strategic, but they cannot give their hand because if there is too much chatter, our everybody is at a heightened alert right now watching the chats, watching things.
Our FBI, our homeland security are looking, so they want to make sure they stay below the radar.
That is what I am trying to tell you.
And a landline phone is like old tech, like those rotary phones.
That is the kind of phone they are on.
Do you remember those?
It was not like a cell phone.
It looked like one of those old phones, like what you call the commissioner on the old Batman.
That is the kind of phone it was, like a Batman phone, like an old black phone.
That is exactly what it was.
A black phone attached to a little cord, but it did not look like sophisticated technology.
It was old school how they were communicating, coming off a fiber cable with a little cord on a black phone.
So what does that mean?
But I saw all these cords going to New York.
I saw it go to Chicago.
I saw it go to all these major cities.
Atlanta.
Why did I say Georgia?
What is a Mississippi?
I have no idea.
But there is something about Mississippi.
And if you remember, okay, remember what I told you about the water.
The water.
Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, panhandle of Florida.
I saw men that were Arab trying to do something to the water plants.
Do you remember this?
With a vial that was the size of a teaspoon, and they were trying to do something to the water.
Does anybody remember this?
My son is shaking his head.
He does.
I did not know that.
I love you, Braden.
This is so strategic.
They do not want just a counterreaction punch.
They want it to be a fatal blow.
You have to understand, you are dealing with people who have been planning and plotting this.
I saw millions and millions of dollars being funneled.
Are we okay?
Did they drop me again?
It is because of what I am saying.
They do not like me saying what I am saying.
Millions of dollars.
Obviously, YouTube is either censoring me tonight or I am going to have to watch what I say on this for right now.
Is it okay?
And in this, people were dying of thirst.
Remember?
They had bottled water, but we could not get the bottled water down to the coast fast enough, so people even in Houston were perishing.
It did not affect Houston, but the media said it did.
And I remember in this visitation I had, the Lord said pray over the water supply, and I saw bottled water coming in, but there are too many people to bring water to all those people.
And when this happened, I saw a child.
I saw the mother trying to console the child and I saw the father.
The child went home first, the mama went home second, and the father went home third.
They dug a massive grave that was the size of football fields, and they put them all in black bags and they laid them all inside this and they put all of them down because they could not have enough funerals for all the people, and they buried the dirt on top of them and they put an eagle on the top of it as a memorial of what happened from an attack from another nation.
Does anybody remember this?
It was one of the first visions I gave you on here over a year ago.
The Lord said, so I see Mississippi.
I see Alabama.
I see Georgia.
I see Florida.
And this cord is going to this rotary phone.
And I believe without adding to or taking away from anything, it has to do with this because the Lord is showing me that vision again.
Praying over our water supply, praying over our electric grid.
I saw certain cities would be without power for over three weeks, some for months.
And it was not the ice storm that I saw.
This was something totally different, but it was something to do with cyber.
Now, I know these visions are heavy, but I warn you again because I see them.
The same thing with the Mississippi River and the barge floating down it.
North Korea had a barge that was secret and they were coming down it, and I saw them trying to come and get oats and they shot a rocket, it was black and white and it said USSR on the side of it.
Old school rocket.
It did not get high enough and it was an EMP and it went over Tennessee, Kentucky and that area, but it did not go high enough.
But it was an EMP and it knocked everybody's power out and the Lord said pray over that.
They put it on a barge.
They opened the barge up and they brought this rocket up and they shot it up.
It was North Korea.
Yeah.
So those are the things.
They were going to get oats and people thought they were Asians, but it was a disguise.
So we keep all the network of communication, all the secret communication, we call it uncovered in Jesus' name, even by a rotary phone.
Whatever that means, that means it is old school communication.
Could it be like Morse code?
Could it be something that nobody is paying attention to because we are looking at the internet?
How are they communicating that is below the radar like an old rotary phone?
So this is symbolic.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say it is not the internet highways.
It is a branch off of the internet fiber optics.
They are communicating not by natural means of how we all communicate like Facebook or all this stuff internet.
This is a rotary phone.
They are under the radar.
How are they communicating?
Old means of communication.
How are they doing it?
Is this by letter?
Give them wisdom today.
How they are communicating.
Give them wisdom.
Lord, give our intelligence, our secret intelligence, our underground intelligence concerning how they are communicating, what they are planning, what they are plotting against this nation.
We call it uncovered in the name of Jesus.
They will not give us any kind of blow.
They will not hurt us by any kind of secret communication of a plot of a plan of when to strike this land.
We call it exposed in Jesus' name.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that you are giving our men and women that are working for this nation.
So, [DNI/CIA] our people that are protecting, our law enforcement, our FBI.
Protect them, Lord.
Give them wisdom in their sleep.
Speak to them in the midnight hour.
Lord, uncover the darkness.
Uncover the darkness.
Oh, this is concerning Cuba, too.
Where is the rotary phone?
Was it the 50s or the 60s?
Okay.
It is telephone to telephone.
You understand?
Telephone to telephone.
Telephone.
How do you get around it?
Telephone to telephone.
You can communicate telephone to telephone.
Lord, let it be like a bloodhound on a scent.
We will find it.
We will bring it out.
The carrier pigeons.
The Lord said it is like, he is thanking carrier pigeons.
You said every single time they have tactics of World War II, you bring in the Native Americans.
You cannot decipher a code whenever you are speaking in Cherokee.
Carrier pigeons.
I see.
It is like Sandro.
It has to do with condos.
The followers of Halal.
It has to do with Ramadan.
Not wanting to do something until after Ramadan.
I see a scorpion coming up out of Alabama.
I see a scorpion coming up out of Mississippi.
A scorpion coming up out of the water of the Gulf of America.
It is coming up by Alabama and Mississippi on the border, and it is headed toward Tennessee.
Lord, tell them the color of the scorpion; it is tan.
I see a red light, like the ones on old fire trucks and police cars, those old red lights that go around in a circle in a dome.
Out of the coast of Africa, I see a boat.
I see that boat again with the black and red bottom coming out of Africa.
The cartel, you will see.
The spiders, I see a black widow looking spider.
We pray over Alex.
He is protected, he has that shield around him, and he has made the choice.
The USA is attached to Israel.
I see Benjamin.
I see Mark, the man over Canada.
We worship you, we thank you, Lord, that you protect our nation.
Will you protect our nation, oh God, that you will speak to your bride, the remnant, so that we prepare ourselves for what is coming.
That we prepare ourselves for a shaking, that we prepare ourselves for revival.
We prepare ourselves, God.
All throughout Australia, all throughout New Zealand, all throughout the land, over South Korea.
We call a revival once again.
A great mighty move of the presence upon the soil of South Korea.
Let it spring forth a fountain, a major move of God flowing like a fountain, and that it would be a great glory that flows out of there and throughout all of Asia, throughout Japan, North Korea, and Taiwan.
I see a red flannel shirt with white lines.
When I said that, I saw red flannel concerning Taiwan.
It looked like a blanket over Taiwan.
The red was on top and the white was on the bottom.
That we find all those secret places.
We find the secret places all throughout Iran.
Every rocket, every roadside, whatever they are using to hurt people.
I thank you now.
God, we pray over this prince.
Lord, sustain his life as long as he is supposed to be here.
You have said so many times it is a window.
And this is what comes out of Ezekiel 38 and 39.
Oh Father, we thank you.
We give you praise, Lord.
I pray over their finances.
I pray over their money, Father, that they are blessed in the city, in the field, coming in and going out, that everything they put their hands to would prosper.
That they lack no good thing.
That they are standing underneath the waterfall concerning this end-time harvest.
I thank you Father that every viewer here today blesses them in the mighty name of Jesus, that every seed they sow they reap back 30, 60, 100-fold.
Father, we thank you Lord that we tap into that 100-fold.
I pray that my ground, when people try to bless me, Father, would be better than Solomon's ground.
He was blessed, and Father, when people gave him money, it kept coming on like a waterfall.
Bless them, Lord.
Increase and multiply their hands.
Thank you, Lord, that they do not lack any good thing in their marriages and their children.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that every person represented here today, their marriages are strong.
They love each other, and they will not get divorces and split up.
Father, they will learn how to have good marriages and work together without strife, for faith works by love.
Thank you, Lord, that they are healed, whole, and well in their bodies.
I thank you that wayward children are coming home.
I pray over the list of people who always ask, 'Brian, will you pray for me?
' We pray for those people.
Father, we pray that whatever they need in their bodies, minds, or households, it comes to pass as it lines up with the word.
Father, we thank you, Lord, it comes to pass.
I thank you.
Bless them, Father.
Bless them, Lord.
Make them a better blessing to more people.
Give them more, Father, that there be a blessing to increase on their lives.
That they will have more than enough to do what you need them to do.
That they lack no good thing.
They owe no man anything but to love them.
And I thank you, Father, for this great nation.
I am a little troubled; I have a caution concerning this nation.
I feel travail still, and when I get in that river, I am praying over this beautiful nation and over Europe.
I see surprise attacks, black swan events about to happen in Europe concerning the Vatican, specifically praying over the Catholic Church and the people, trying to bring back a reverence, stirring up the new generation.
Stirring up the people again, bringing them back to church.
When I get in that river, we are living in the last of the last, the last seconds of the last days.
Thank you, Lord.
Uncover the things in the day.
Uncover it concerning our secret men hiding, secret women hiding.
Help them.
Show them where it is hidden.
Everything hidden in those caves.
Everything in those tunnels being revealed.
Everything underneath the island of Cuba in these areas, everything hidden be revealed.
It is like Hiroshima.
It is just like Hiroshima.
Much the sorrow.
The sorrow.
Oh Lord.
I am telling you, it was given to him by Russia, a strategic ally.
It is old.
Remember the Cuban missile crisis, old alliances?
There is something there.
I see it.
Thank you Lord.
Which direction you want me to go, Father?
Are you done tonight or do you want me to keep pushing?
I get up to there and there are so many things, so many different tunnels, so many things concerning America and our safety concerning Canada.
Oh Lord, thank you.
Do you remember when I told you the night I went up and I said there is something about to happen, like within 48 hours, something major is about to take place, and I said I feel it so strong and I said to you all, I said, Braden, look at the news, remember, and I told him, I said, look at the news, there is something about to happen, I feel it again.
And that night, it was just about a week later or was how many days later?
Something major?
Oh yeah.
Two, three days.
Two or three days.
When I am in that place tonight, I feel a same kind of an event.
Not as strong as what we see in Iran, but something similar.
Two days.
Two days later, I said, I am so That is what I am telling you.
There is something.
We are there again.
Two days later, February 26.
Thank you.
But this has to do with Cuba.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you Lord.
What is the Lord saying to you right now?
What is he saying to you right now?
That is what I What is the Lord when you are praying tonight?
What do you hear with that still small voice?
What is the father saying to you right now?
I do not hear.
Yes, you do.
His sheep hear his voice and the stranger's voice they will not follow.
What is the Lord warning you about?
What is he telling you right now?
Do you feel the urgency in the air?
Do you feel that?
We are trying to teach you something.
Do you feel the urgency?
Do you feel that pulse by the leading of the spirit?
For those that are led by the spirit of God are the sons of God.
We are led by his spirit.
And he speaks to us with that still small voice on the inside of us.
What is he saying to you tonight?
You do not need a prophetic ear.
You say, Well, I every believer, every believer hears the father.
What is he saying to you?
Just be still.
Shoulder.
Everything is about to change.
Thank you Lord.
We have peace.
We have joy.
We have patience, kindness, goodness, gentleness.
Father, we worship you.
For the Lord is good and his mercy endures forever.
For the Lord, he is good and his mercy endures forever.
We are not afraid of the terror by night, nor of the arrow that flieth by day.
We are not afraid.
We know we are always in the right place at the right time, doing exactly what he asked us to do because we are led by the spirit of God.
Because we are his sons and daughters.
We are not afraid of what they try to say.
We are not afraid of what we will hear on the news.
We are not afraid.
We walk in peace and we walk in light.
We are not going to be underneath darkness.
We are in the light.
We bow our knee to the Lord Jesus.
We have our head lifted high.
So no matter what you see in the days ahead on the news, whether fearful sights you will see, it will bring us to our knee.
Pray more on this channel.
We will pray.
Pray more.
Seeking the Lord.
Seeking the Lord and we will find him.
We will knock and the door will be opened.
We sit at his feet and he will tell you his secrets.
He will tell you that which is to come.
We sit at his feet.
We are not beggars.
We are not at his feet begging.
How many of you want your kids sitting at your feet begging for something for you to Why?
Because they are confident and they know you.
If you are a good father, a good mother, and you are good to your child, they do not beg you like that.
They just confidently ask, Can I have a cookie?
Can I have this?
Because you confidently are resting in the finished work of Jesus Christ.
You are resting.
You confidently ask because it is already been done.
You already know you have everything.
My kids know anything that I have I give them in a moment to say, Daddy, can I bless you?
They never begged me.
Can I please please please I have a relationship?
God has a relationship with his kids.
I sit at his feet not begging but just believing that he is already done it.
Oh, Father, I thank you that I am healed.
My knees, my body, I am healed and whole and well.
I am not moved by what I see.
I am not moved by what I feel.
I am moved by what the word of God says.
I trust confidently in what you said you would do.
So, concerning the nations and concerning what we are about to see, I keep my eyes on you.
I keep my eyes and my eyes are on you.
You believe that, Braden?
Right.
Jesus, we love you so.
Jesus, from our head to our toe, we worship you.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Lord.
Well, that went way long between that and the other video.
Amazing, huh?
Almost two hours on this one and over How long was the last one?
40 minutes.
I think 40 minutes after.
I think.
So, if you watch both of those, you are going to spend your whole Saturday watching me, praying with me in the Holy Ghost.
I try not to keep them so long for you, but the Holy Ghost is moving.
I cannot apologize for that.
I just yield.
Ain't that amazing, son?
That one was strictly prayer.
So, he did not want me talking like he said last night.
You said, Shut up.
And it went and it just cut off.
And you were just about to pray.
And I was just about to pray.
So he wanted a prayer talk video which is the beginning and he wanted the strictly prayer.
There is something this what I am trying to tell you all when he did that was correction for me.
But he is trying to tell you there is a major something about to take place.
So I will probably just take the other video down so it is not a distraction.
Just watch this one and pray with you.
Pray.
We must pray.
We must pray all 4,600 of you right now.
Thank you for being here.
So, two videos on one night because of the storms, but this one was all about prayer.
45 minutes.
All glory to Jesus.
Well, if you could like, subscribe, click the notification bell, do all that you can do to help me with the algorithm.
And you are saying relevance about the Catholic church.
There is a lot of people did not know they said about reverence like reverencing relevance, being relevant.
If I said that wrong, forgive me.
I have a hard time with certain words sometimes.
Relevant.
Whenever you are not popular in the media anymore, you become popular again.
Yeah.
Like you will see Kanye West do something crazy every once in a while so he gets back in the media.
It is social.
You want him to do something nuts and you look at him and go, What was that?
Why did you do that?
Well, you remember him again.
Everybody is talking about him.
If it is negative or positive, people are talking about him.
The Catholic Church over time, the Lord said the younger generation, they are losing its relevance.
The elder generation is holding it up with their tithes and their offerings, but the younger generation is not adapting into it.
So, there is going to be an event.
It is going to shake the Catholic Church and a great revival will come out of it.
Does that make sense what I was saying?
And I saw young people flooding back in and there will be a shaking in the Catholic community and it will bring forth relevance, being relevant again.
It will be in the media and it will have a wound.
There is something going to happen and it is going to, you know, when people like 911, Charlie Kirk things happen and I am not talking about the pope, so do not think it is about the pope.
I saw an event happening at the Vatican, some kind of attack, terrorist attack, some kind of something and it looked like a black swan event, like some kind of something.
It shook the church.
It shook the people.
And as I was praying tonight, I saw it again.
A major shaking is going to take place in the Catholic Church.
I saw young people flooding back in Europe specifically.
Europe and South America.
It was not as much as America.
I saw South America with the Spanish community and the Europeans, and it was major in Europe.
In Rome, it was about numbers.
You see a decline in your attendees, so they spark it somehow.
I saw a spark coming back, and I saw the church pews full, but the Lord said, I'll use it and there will be a great revival come out of it.
Holy Ghost and fire will invade.
Is that clear?
I try really hard to explain things so you don't walk away going, whoa, you said this.
I'm trying very hard.
That's as clear as I can be, I believe.
But it will be something that will shake the Catholic Church, and it's coming.
And you'll remember what I said.
Even I saw a shaking to the point where there will be an earthquake that splits the wall of the Vatican, and there will be a massive crack in it.
And this will be a sign that the Catholic Church is shaking.
I saw a crack in the walls of the area where they have a mass.
I saw a massive crack in that.
Not in St.
Peter's, but in that Vatican area where they all worship where the Pope goes at Christmas.
I saw that building.
I saw destruction in it with the earthquake.
And I saw the pews full of people and the square full of people and it's a glory event, and the Lord said I'll use it and the presence of the Lord will fill that place, and I saw demonstration of healings and manifestations of the glory with the young people.
There you go.
That's what I saw right there.
You see that picture right there?
That is Easter or Christmas.
It's just for Christmas.
But it was that and it was a crack in the wall and it was a big crack.
It looked like a crack splitting the floor.
I said, I'm shaking the Catholic Church.
He said, this will be symbolic.
Italy will be shaken.
So that's what I saw.
Thank you Lord.
We praise you, Father.
What comes first?
What comes first, Lord?
Watch Cuba.
That's all I can tell you.
It's dark.
Cuba will go dark.
Cuba is about to go dark.
After this major event, a spring forth of new growth will come out of it.
That which has not been there for decades will come straight up out of the middle, and there will be green on this side, green on this side, green on this side, and green on this side.
And it has a stalk and they will say, this is the beginning of something new.
Cuba is about to be shaken.
And all of a sudden, that darkness that was all on the island, that landmark starts glowing with some kind of glow.
It's all on the edge and it's a white looking electric all around it.
And it starts to glow.
Cuba starts to glow.
I'm telling you, Cuba is about to go dark.
It's so clear that vision in the still of the night in the darkness.
I hear this by the spirit of the Lord.
In the still of the night in the darkness in the days ahead, watch what's about to take place.
I'm going to liberate the people of Cuba in the darkness and the hand of the Lord will be on this and I'll protect your troops and I'll protect you.
I'll protect your president.
But one will remove this bloodline.
He's going to remove this bloodline, the name, and a new leader will rise up with Marco Rubio in this area, and he will help them, and they will be for a spring forth of economic growth.
I'm gonna tell you this.
I don't smoke.
But I'm going to tell you what I just saw.
The cigars.
Cuban cigars.
What is that?
I see a Cuban.
It has a yellow band around it and it is smoking.
I'm telling you to do about the economy.
I'm talking about economy trade with the United States again.
But this is about establishing a stronger Cuba.
Auto industry.
Listen to this very carefully.
I see auto industry cars going over there.
I see American cars.
Brand new cars.
American-made cars going to Cuba.
Ford, GMC.
Remember this.
Ford, GMC, Chevrolet going to Cuba.
I see F-150 trucks, Ford trucks going to Cuba.
Wow, that's interesting.
It's very clear.
Thank you, Father.
Praise God in the darkness.
In the darkness, an event.
But when you back a dog in the corner, I'm telling you, when you back that dog in the corner, there's something down in there.
I'm not going to say anything else because I don't want to put anybody in danger.
In fact, do you think I already have said too much?
If I did, just take it out.
I don't want to put anybody in harm's way.
I saw Holy Spirit.
You showed me.
You warned me.
You told me what was coming to the nations.
All that we say in word and deed we give all to the glory of God.
We attract and deflect.
We know apart from him I can do nothing.
I'm so thankful.
I'm in awe.
You know I'm in awe of everything he has showed us tonight.
Again, things that I can say and things that I can't.
But I'm so thankful for the Holy Spirit to lead us into truth.
And I'm in awe of what he's done.
He's such a good God.
He warns his people to pray.
So, thank you for coming out praying with us.
We love you.
Remember, there's 4,600 of you.
We got a lot of work done.
And so we're so grateful for the people that took the time tonight.
It's getting really late.
And I need to eat.
I'm doing really well.
I'm trying really hard to eat right.
So all to the glory of God for two hours now.
So long videos for you to watch, but I know it was all led by the Holy Spirit.
And I pray it blesses you.
We'll be back and pray again.
There's something about to happen.
So, put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
Bye bye.